README.md, before:

<img src="assets/github_banner.gif" width="100%" />

<div align="center">
  <p style="font-size: 1.2em;">
    <a href="https://nitrogen.minedojo.org/"><strong>Website</strong></a> | 
    <a href="https://huggingface.co/nvidia/NitroGen"><strong>Model</strong></a> |
    <a href="https://huggingface.co/datasets/nvidia/NitroGen"><strong>Dataset</strong></a> |
    <a href="https://nitrogen.minedojo.org/assets/documents/nitrogen.pdf"><strong>Paper</strong></a>
  </p>
</div>


# NitroGen

NitroGen is an open foundation model for generalist gaming agents. This multi-game model takes pixel input and predicts gamepad actions.

NitroGen is trained through behavior cloning on the largest video-action gameplay dataset, assembled exclusively from internet videos. It can be adapted via post-training to unseen games.

# Installation

## Prerequisites

We **do not distribute game environments**, you must use your own copies of the games. This repository only supports running the agent on **Windows games**. You can serve the model from a Linux machine for inference, but the game ultimately has to run on Windows. We have tested on Windows 11 with Python ≥ 3.12.

## Setup

Install this repo:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/MineDojo/NitroGen.git
cd NitroGen
pip install -e .
```

Download NitroGen checkpoint from [HuggingFace](https://huggingface.co/nvidia/NitroGen):
```bash
hf download nvidia/NitroGen ng.pt
```

# Getting Started

First, start an inference server for the model:
```bash
python scripts/serve.py <path_to_ng.pt>  
```

Then, run the agent on the game of your choice:
```bash
python scripts/play.py --process '<game_executable_name>.exe'
```

The `--process` parameter must be the exact executable name of the game you want to play. You can find it by right-clicking on the game process in Windows Task Manager (Ctrl+Shift+Esc), and selecting `Properties`. The process name should be in the `General` tab and end with `.exe`.

<!-- TODO # Paper and Citation

If you find our work useful, please consider citing us!

```bibtex
@article{,
  title   = {},
  author  = {},
  year    = {},
  journal = {}
}
``` -->

**Disclaimer**: This project is strictly for research purposes and is not an official NVIDIA product.

Commit message:

fix: default capture resolution to game window size (refs #10) and bbox format fix

README.md, after:

<img src="assets/github_banner.gif" width="100%" />

<div align="center">
  <p style="font-size: 1.2em;">
    <a href="https://nitrogen.minedojo.org/"><strong>Website</strong></a> | 
    <a href="https://huggingface.co/nvidia/NitroGen"><strong>Model</strong></a> |
    <a href="https://huggingface.co/datasets/nvidia/NitroGen"><strong>Dataset</strong></a> |
    <a href="https://nitrogen.minedojo.org/assets/documents/nitrogen.pdf"><strong>Paper</strong></a>
  </p>
</div>


# NitroGen

NitroGen is an open foundation model for generalist gaming agents. This multi-game model takes pixel input and predicts gamepad actions.

NitroGen is trained through behavior cloning on the largest video-action gameplay dataset, assembled exclusively from internet videos. It can be adapted via post-training to unseen games.

# Installation

## Prerequisites

We **do not distribute game environments**, you must use your own copies of the games. This repository only supports running the agent on **Windows games**. You can serve the model from a Linux machine for inference, but the game ultimately has to run on Windows. We have tested on Windows 11 with Python ≥ 3.12.

## Setup

Install this repo:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/MineDojo/NitroGen.git
cd NitroGen
pip install -e .
```

Download NitroGen checkpoint from [HuggingFace](https://huggingface.co/nvidia/NitroGen):
```bash
hf download nvidia/NitroGen ng.pt
```

# Getting Started

First, start an inference server for the model:
```bash
python scripts/serve.py <path_to_ng.pt>  
```

Then, run the agent on the game of your choice:
```bash
python scripts/play.py --process '<game_executable_name>.exe'
```

The `--process` parameter must be the exact executable name of the game you want to play. You can find it by right-clicking on the game process in Windows Task Manager (Ctrl+Shift+Esc), and selecting `Properties`. The process name should be in the `General` tab and end with `.exe`.

By default, screen capture uses the game window resolution. You can override it with `--width` and `--height`:
```bash
python scripts/play.py --process '<game_executable_name>.exe' --width 1920 --height 1080
```

<!-- TODO # Paper and Citation

If you find our work useful, please consider citing us!

```bibtex
@article{,
  title   = {},
  author  = {},
  year    = {},
  journal = {}
}
``` -->

**Disclaimer**: This project is strictly for research purposes and is not an official NVIDIA product.
